hi guys welcome back to my Channel today
I hope primal cool and i believe this is
the first primer called 2015 they need a
second it was definitely long overdue
trusting so i'm going to promote today
and this happened oopsie servers up I
picked up some of their somatic pass is
just super super cheap you get get two
sets 80 in here and there are a pound
we're going to my mother to speak up for
these just really happy to have to
remove make up something that and next I
picked up this really cute plastic and
drinking jar blood thing that's made to
look like one that's amazing job looks
like this it's got a little handle and
stronger screws like these label /
interesting and strength and i saw this
really cute it's plastic close it chuck
it in your bag bring in car with you
whatever and it says i'm not weird only
limited edition and trevor was really
funny cute so
one of those this is as real as a
science out and that was two pounds that
date going to picked up some of their
new fragrance candles for summer these
are the important elements citronella
scented candles and they come in this
turquoise teal and bright pink shades
which it really really key to fo and
they smell really fruity in summary so
how does to get some of them next up as
you know I'm obsessed with chrome mox
denim and wearing a parrot moment and I
got some more boyfriend jeans and these
are like acid wash distressed boyfriend
jeans in a slim fit they look like this
and they just look like distressing all
down them they're actually really
similar to the jeans what I'm wearing at
the moma which also pry marks of the
word red jeans these are the one knows
answer in the wash okay guys I need
and these were 30 pounds micromax denim
is so soft so comfortable a last ages
compost in my view so I got some more
genes in this product or and kind of
obsessed with them and try them all ones
but they are 70s of fitted layers white
and I just I'm like a recipe for
disaster probably no misspell something
down them they're just these white soft
jeans in a kick flare 70s kind of vibe
and yeah they're all so stretchy and
high-waisted and that's just everything
that is great in life and again these 14
pounds you can't fault my mark denim
next thing is actually from the
chromebox menswear section because they
do some really great t-shirts there but
I just love picking up assoc and I've
been after a Raglan top for a chest like
a buns regular baseball type chops that
doom in American power work is so much
more expensive as this one in the pry
marks men's section it's just your basic
long sleeve raglan top just super super
soft and it's going to just be great
slinging on the boyfriend jeans just
going for any casual look and for that I
paid six pounds you watched any of my
previous chemicals you know that I'm
obsessed with the keep secure of the
primarch hand gels they bring out
different sense from here and they've
just brought out there some reasons and
the first one is citrus ice which is
glowing green Barney that smells really
fruity and fresh and the next one is the
pink bubble gum I always pick up some
use my go to Primark they are suited to
believe a pound each and they're just so
useful for sale in your handbag and
other gem folks oh and finally it's my
21st birthday today I'm having a party
for my friends / family and it's going
to be Alison ones that eat because if
you've been around people on my channel
one my bill chrome travel no I'm
obsessed with alice and wonderland might
have been for ages the fact of my 18th
birthday party was Alison are unfilled
they feel like now I'm 21 I want to amp
it up there so I've been slowly
accumulating things to use to decorate
hall with our own some land line
inspired I saw these LED lights which I
broke a battery operated from primark
home my section I knew I had to have
them for the party they look like this
you can probably see the better return
arrived actually they're here they are
clear pink flamingos with LED lights in
them and I just thought these were
really Alice in Wonderland e you knowing
the croquet see where they were Alice
and Queen of Hearts use
mingos to play okay we put these really
cute is to provide tables or something
and be 46 pounds of Alice in the battery
operated so super cheap to run it into
white bunnies parts of the building and
that is everything from my pro model if
you do this video ux prime applause then
give this video a nice big thumbs up
because I'm of course my job to do and I
feel you I feel you if you thumbs up
this video no you want X watching
everyone else see you guys be good by
people be like how do I get my lips to
look like Kylie Jenner's without the
surgery I know bottle cap oh god there's
this new trend that's hit in the
internet where people are trying to get
lips the size of Kylie Jenner's by
sucking